small editorial changes on "same 4-tuple" section (#530)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

There may be cases in which paths are created with different 4-tuples,
but end up using the same 4-tuples as a consequence of path

> migrations. This is an example that assumes the same ports are used on both paths:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
migrations. Consider the following example where all paths use the same
source and destination ports:
```
